README.md, before:

# _**Portfolio**_

##### Brief Description
This website is my portfolio that links to some of my projects, and gives some background information about myself, 10/18/2019

###### Contributors
_**Jacob Ash**_

## Description
This website is my portfolio, it references 3 of the websites I have created: A vacation destination, my favorite band, a house remodel, and a cupcake shop.  The reference is a hyperlink that takes the user to my github page with those creations as the link.  It also has some background information about myself, like what my interests are and how I chose to enroll in Epicodus.

## Setup and Installation
To set up and install this portfolio, download the master branch off github, and then open the index.HTML file.

## GitHub pages

The link to the GitHub pages for this website is: https://jakeash22.github.io/Portfolio/

### License
MIT License

Copyright (c) [2019] [Jacob Ash]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Will change the Description section in the README, to flow better

README.md, after:

# _**Portfolio**_

##### Brief Description
This website is my portfolio that links to some of my projects, and gives some background information about myself, 10/18/2019

###### Contributors
_**Jacob Ash**_

## Description
This website is my portfolio, and it consists of different tabs: About me, Background in coding, Projects, and Interests.  The Projects section has different GitHub repositories hyperlinked to text that takes the user to the designated project.  This Portfolio demonstrates my understanding in HTML, custom CSS stylesheets, and Bootstrap.

## Setup and Installation
To set up and install this portfolio, download the master branch off github, and then open the index.HTML file.

## GitHub pages

The link to the GitHub pages for this website is: https://jakeash22.github.io/Portfolio/

### License
MIT License

Copyright (c) [2019] [Jacob Ash]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
